So, What's your favorite superhero?
Favourite superhero? Oh, DC, DC
I keep saying that, but I'm not really conscious.
See, I don't know who is in it.
Wait, who's in his family?
Biological?
Why why are they spawning in? Is this kind of a joke?
Like, he just finds a child on the street like***
It's like, It's like those memes. Do you know the meme where it's like, oh I have children in my bed?
Like, that's just Batman.
Huh Yeah, I have 13 children in my basement.
20 children
Yeah. Oh,,,
Um.. I'm like I'm same as you like I low-key
There's only one chair.
No, I care only about you.
Personally because like that's the one that I most familiar with because of like
***I don't read the comics that much.
I think I've seen him on TV shows. TV shows like Wandavision
like
So for WandaVision...
I....
Of all scene, I've only seen some scenes of it online, but then for...
Animated TV shows. I know there's like Disney Plus ones
***
evil corporation
I'm really into like the Avengers movie
I also like some other individual ones.
I'm more into like the group ones because I think they're really interesting, but it's so funny like there's like this joke
running like this running joke where it's like when there's a world's
Like, a world-threatening like villain?
but it's not the Avengers' movie, so they don't show up.
Like you know um Spider-Man, like the most recent ones? ah
like they're like literally about to freaking
They're so, they're literally about to...
like something like destroy the world and the Avengers just don't show up.
Which is then in the time, or It's like***
Literally not a doll. Not only him, yeah, it's only him.
Yeah, phase, phase like two three
Because Yeezy focuses so only
Only one i like is
Oh yeah. It's like, It's like, which one?
22 phase, ***
Okay, I only know there's a new one coming up was like Robert Pattison
may be
Yeah, I heard that was bad. I heard there's a lot of problems
***
It's like, when you have superpowers, one of we
Use them, creatively, we're sticking to the same three skills.
God, ***
***
I'm so mad because you could literally spawn lich fraggers.
Like an entire dragon. Yeah, to choose this to...
Use the gardens, he just like make some***, he just
ahh..
and...
You party ***
Wait, that's what I really like um Marvel ones, cuz they're kind of funny.
Like, ***yeah
Like, but I know Scarlet was.
like her dress in ah Multiverse of Madness which is the one
Where she kind of goes crazy. um, like her costume in that looks so good.
Like her hair, matches that
The real need
yeah
It feels so natural. Yeah.
That's why I really like um the marvel Marvelous costume.
I truely did this. Do you know Ms. Marvel?
Like, i know you want to see what it looks like.
So there's like three women